look at this nice campus reminds me of
all those great college traditions like
homecoming we've got shakes for sale
getting wasted experimenting touch my
chest
meeting new people they'll push her
making homemade sex tapes in your dorm
room and of course the most time-honored
tradition of all the road trip tell me
you nailed the best tape to Tiffany I
have to get to that tape before my
girlfriend gets back to her school
you're coming what else am I gonna do
stay here and learn no trick it'll be
fine it's just the wheels
but I need to get back on the road I'll
go take care of this I stole from a
blind chick hey Josh
we're out of money if you qualify you
can make a deposit you're not like most
of the girls I know you're real woman oh
excuse me but I ordered no sugar that's
good
I've never had sex before you should
hold out wait till you're in love what
the hell is that
did you kill a cheetah no these are her
underwear are you here for the feeding
excuse me
are there any guys out there for just
[Music]
even if you forget about everything I
just said just remember this the movie
is really good and you're going to enjoy
it because of that goodness did it
really yeah Oh for crying out loud did
it
[Music]